feat(otelhttp): generate New Server Metrics in `otelhttp` (#6411)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Set the environment variable `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` to `http/dup` to generate new server metric information based on the `semconv` 1.26 version in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#6411)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate server metrics with semantic conventions v1.26 in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6411)
```
